README.md, before:

# Advent of C#

An aspiring [Advent of Code](https://adventofcode.com/) problem solving framework, offering a beginner-friendly ecosystem and large functionality.
It aims to aid users into primarily focusing on the core of solving this marvelous event's problems, leaving the need for building their own infrastructure aside.

## What *is* Advent of Code?

[Advent of Code](https://adventofcode.com/) is an annual event running during December 1 through 25, presenting one two-part problem every day.
Users are challenged to write a working solution for their personalized input, given the problem's description. More information on the [website](https://adventofcode.com/2021/about).

## Donating

Donations are welcome on the specified links, and would be greatly appreciated. It is also planned to give a portion of 3% of the total donations to the event itself.

## Project Template

Found [here](https://github.com/AlFasGD/AdventOfCSharp.Template)

## Package

- [AdventOfCSharp](https://www.nuget.org/packages/AdventOfCSharp)

## Features

- Basic abstracted structure of a problem class, with simplified input parsing API
- Automatic retrieval of personalized inputs and available correct outputs
  - Specify secrets in a secret cookie class that will be used by your local program
  - Without those session cookies, downloading from the website is disabled
- Clean and colorful console interface
  - Running problems for specific day
  - Validating problem solutions
  - Execution time per part
  - Summary of all available solutions, and per individual parts
- Answer conversion system, producing answer strings ready to be copied onto the website
- Detailed part solution status declaration and tracking
- Custom part solvers (fanmade "Part 3" problems, easter eggs, and more)
- Source analyzers that ensure correct usage of the framework

Upcoming features:
- Benchmarking
- and [more](https://github.com/AlFasGD/AdventOfCSharp/issues)

## Documentation

A full documentation guide outside the project template will be completed soon.
For the time being, documentation is available on the [docs directory](/docs).

## Demo

### Main Menu

https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/8298332/145657103-3462eee6-4598-4699-826a-507056efa5cc.mp4

### All Problem Solution Validation

https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/8298332/145657111-45f16479-f238-4ba1-adb2-7ad12890afc4.mp4

Commit message:

Add docs for the new features, improve navigation (#83)

README.md, after:

# Advent of C#

An aspiring [Advent of Code](https://adventofcode.com/) problem solving framework, offering a beginner-friendly ecosystem and large functionality.
It aims to aid users into primarily focusing on the core of solving this marvelous event's problems, leaving the need for building their own infrastructure aside.

## What *is* Advent of Code?

[Advent of Code](https://adventofcode.com/) is an annual event running during December 1 through 25, presenting one two-part problem every day.
Users are challenged to write a working solution for their personalized input, given the problem's description. More information on the [website](https://adventofcode.com/2021/about).

## Donating

Donations are welcome on the specified links, and would be greatly appreciated. It is also planned to give a portion of 3% of the total donations to the event itself.

## Project Template

Found [here](https://github.com/AlFasGD/AdventOfCSharp.Template)

## Packages

- [AdventOfCSharp](https://www.nuget.org/packages/AdventOfCSharp)
- [AdventOfCSharp.Benchmarking](https://www.nuget.org/packages/AdventOfCSharp.Benchmarking)
- AdventOfCSharp.Testing ([NUnit](https://www.nuget.org/packages/AdventOfCSharp.Testing.NUnit) - [xUnit](https://www.nuget.org/packages/AdventOfCSharp.Testing.XUnit) - [MSTest](https://www.nuget.org/packages/AdventOfCSharp.Testing.MSTest))
- [AdventOfCSharp.SourceGenerators](https://www.nuget.org/packages/AdventOfCSharp.SourceGenerators) (for using benchmarking and unit testing features)

## Features

- Basic abstracted structure of a problem class, with simplified input parsing API
- Automatic retrieval of personalized inputs and available correct outputs
  - Specify secrets in a secret cookie class that will be used by your local program
  - Without those session cookies, downloading from the website is disabled
- Clean and colorful console interface
  - Running problems for specific day
  - Validating problem solutions
  - Execution time per part
  - Summary of all available solutions, and per individual parts
- Answer conversion system, producing answer strings ready to be copied onto the website
- Detailed part solution status declaration and tracking
- Custom part solvers (fanmade "Part 3" problems, easter eggs, and more)
- Source analyzers that ensure correct usage of the framework
- Source generated benchmarking and unit testing
  - Customized input file path
  - Easy to setup in very few lines of code
  - Automatically generated unit tests for all available referenced problem solutions
  - Flexibility customizing generated benchmarks and unit tests

Upcoming features:
- Further flexibility for customizing benchmarking methods
- Support solving the same problem in multiple languages
- Nested solution classes
- Improved input generation tools
- and [more](https://github.com/AlFasGD/AdventOfCSharp/issues)

## Documentation

The documentation guides outside the project template are continuously in the works, available on the [docs directory](/docs/).

## Demo

### Main Menu

https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/8298332/145657103-3462eee6-4598-4699-826a-507056efa5cc.mp4

### All Problem Solution Validation

https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/8298332/145657111-45f16479-f238-4ba1-adb2-7ad12890afc4.mp4
